What's the fire?
We haven't lost yet, we haven't lost yet
Aren't you great when you sleep with me?
Why can't Li Zeyan move a hair now?
How dare you look down on me?
Don't take me for a sick cat like He Feiyu, it pisses me off
I can't get Li Zeyan, and I can't get you
Oh, dear.
I'm just being angry and playing petty
How can He Feiyu compare to you?
You are a famous son
He is the mud under your feet.
Dear
We shouldn't do anything now
Grandpa is still angry
I'll ask for forgiveness first
You go back to the banquet hall to see Li Zeyan first
Bad you, dare to betray me and die
Tian Tian
How is my daughter, miss? It's just a head injury
But she fell down the stairs, terrified.
heart attack recurrence
We need a transplant as soon as possible
Then you hurry up and arrange the surgery
It's hard to find a match
The hospital will do its best.
Tian Tian
He Feiyu made you like this
Mom will definitely let him sit in jail
Hey I'm busy
Don't look for it
Madam, otherwise Su's Jewelry Store would have been seized for black market transactions
Now the group stock market has plummeted
Capital chain broken
Ma'am, we're finished.
How could this be?
Su Yaoan
You destroyed the Su family
You ruined Tian Tian
Ha ha.
Tian Tian
Mom thought about it
Whose heart are you going to dig?
To heal you
Don't worry.
Revenge succeeded
But why is it not as happy as imagined?
The two of them are together
Now it's all over
Should I return Li Zeyan to Miss Chen?
Zhou Mei
Su Yaoan, let's meet. Is there still a need for me to meet you?
What about your mother's ashes?
I just had to pour it down the toilet and flush it away
Where are you?
Zhou Mei, don't go too far
If you don't want to die, give me back my mother's urn
Ok, I'll give it back to you now.
What do you want?